Hello, and welcome back
to the course on Deep Learning.
In today's tutorial we're going to see where
you can get all the materials and datasets
for this course.
So in order to get the datasets,
you need to go to www.superdatascience.com/deep-learning
and then if you scroll down here,
you will see that everything is prepared here for you.
So first of all you need to download
the Deep Learning A-Z Course Folder Template.
So it's an empty set of folders,
but they're in the correct hierarchical structure
which will allow you to better be prepared
for the tutorials in the course.
And then, when you get to a certain part of the course,
you just need to download the dataset
for that part.
For instance, in Part 1, Artificial Neural Networks,
you just download this dataset,
you unzip the file into your folder
which you've downloaded, and there you will have
all of the items and all of the data
that you will require to go through the tutorials
in that part.
And then you do the same thing for the next part
and so on.
And more over here, you'll find all of
the additional reading which we mentioned
in the intuition tutorials,
so the dataset is for the practical tutorials,
the additional reading is all the papers and
all the blog posts that we mentioned
through the intuition tutorials and it's just easier
for you to click through them here
rather than having to Google for them
or type up their URLs.
So there we go, that's where you get the datasets
and all the supporting materials for this course.
We can't wait to see you throughout these tutorials,
it's gonna be lots of fun and exciting,
and until next time, enjoy deep learning!